Comprehensive revisions of 2.1 boilerplate files (#14)
aws-ia/aws-ia-documentation-base-common: deployment_cdk/.specific/licenses.adoc

// Include details about any licenses and how to sign up. Provide links as appropriate.

> There is no cost to use this Quick Start, but you will be billed for any AWS services or resources that this Quick Start deploys. For more information, see the http://general-content-file[AWS Quick Start General Content Guide^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no cost to use this Quick Start, but you will be billed for any AWS services or resources that this Quick Start deploys. For more information, see the https://aws-ia.github.io/content/qs_info.html[AWS Quick Start General Content Guide^].
```
